event_manager: Add event type flags (#6985)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/others/event_manager.rst

#. Define the event type with the :c:macro:`EVENT_TYPE_DEFINE` macro.
   Pass the name of the event type as declared in the header along with additional parameters.
   For example, you can provide a function that fills a buffer with a string version of the event data (used for logging).
   The :c:macro:`EVENT_TYPE_DEFINE` macro adds flags as a last parameter.
   These flags are constant and can only be set using :c:macro:`EVENT_FLAGS_CREATE` on :c:macro:`EVENT_TYPE_DEFINE` macro.

>    If you do not want to set any flag use :c:macro:`EVENT_FLAGS_CREATE` without any argument as shown in a example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you do not want to set any flag, use :c:macro:`EVENT_FLAGS_CREATE` without any argument as shown in the below example.
```
Just minor updates

Author: I think it should be: "To **not** set any flag...."

#. Define the event type with the :c:macro:`EVENT_TYPE_DEFINE` macro.
   Pass the name of the event type as declared in the header along with additional parameters.
   For example, you can provide a function that fills a buffer with a string version of the event data (used for logging).

>    As a last parameter :c:macro:`EVENT_TYPE_DEFINE` macro requests flags.
>    Those flags are constant and can be only set on :c:macro:`EVENT_TYPE_DEFINE`.
>    To get value of specific flag use :c:function:`get_event_type_flag`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The :c:macro:`EVENT_TYPE_DEFINE` macro adds flags as a last parameter.
   These flags are constant and can only be set on :c:macro:`EVENT_TYPE_DEFINE` macro.
   To get value of specific flag, use :c:function:`get_event_type_flag` function.
```

			   event->value2, event->value3);
   }

   EVENT_TYPE_DEFINE(sample_event,							/* Unique event name. */
		     log_sample_event,							/* Function logging event data. */
		     NULL,								/* No event info provided. */

> 		     EVENT_FLAGS_CREATE(EVENT_TYPE_FLAGS_1, EVENT_TYPE_FLAGS_2));	/* Flags managing event type. */

Author: Discussed offline, use no flags here.

	   return 0;
   }

   EVENT_TYPE_DEFINE(sample_event,		/* Unique event name. */
		     log_sample_event,		/* Function logging event data. */
		     NULL,			/* No event info provided. */

> 		     sample_event_flags);	/* Flags managing event type. */

Reviewer 2: Define them a few lines above. Otherwise the sample code is incomplete
